Some of My preferred frontend libraries/technologies(Apart from HTML,CSS and vanilla javascript).

1.) Web Storage API'S - For login state persistence, If a reload is made, our login state can be lost.
                        We can store our tokens in JSON form in localStorage as a key value pair
                        and after a reload we can send a network request to our server to validate that token.
2) Developer tools(chrome) - Many uses like checking responsiveness on different devices,
                     Correcting pixel perfect(using chrome extension)
                     Network tab,etc.
3) Bootstrap - USE-CASE : Very fast development(Styling and grid or layout).
4.) jQuery - I used its extensions for smooth scroll,carousel slider,etc.
             Using its extensions, saved a lot of my time.
5.) React.js - It is a library to create user interfaces. It uses reusable components.
                Can be used as an SPA or Multi page as per requirement.
                Sometimes, vanilla js becomes too complex for dom manipulation, and we can use React.js
                Also, due to the virtual dom it becomes quite fast and techniques like lazy loading can be 
                applied to it.
6) Redux - When state becomes too complex in react(before hooks),Redux can be used for global state management.
7.) JSON - For transfering of data, When our frontend is decoupled from the backend, JSON is used to transfer data.
8.) Pixel Perfect Chrome extension,React dev tools,etc.



Frontend technique that is highly useful while development

Event bubbling - Practical USE CASE - If there are millions of items, instead of applying event handler
                                      to each item, wrap them into a parent div/container and apply
                                      event handler to parent, due to event bubbling the event would
                                      trigger to it and using event.target we can access the target element.


IIFE,closures,etc.